Object caching improves your site's performance by optimizing the process of querying the database,
but there is still a lot of overhead when serving a page request since the server is required to process
the IP.
This overhead is caused by WordPress and needing to build the requested HTML page on every single page
load.
We can reduce the strain on server resources by caching the HTML version of the requested page once
it has been built.
Then on the next request, we simply serve the cached HTML page and can avoid hitting WordPress or altogether.
This is called page caching and is especially useful on sites where the content for each page really
changes the Engine X Files CGI.
Our module allows dynamic content that is served from the back end to be cached.
I do not recommend for CGI caching with Wilkommen sites.
I have seen many issues.
Some of them cannot be resolved 100 per cent rather look at using Redus and or W3 total cash.
Setting up for CGI caching is relatively straightforward, the process involves adding various directives
in the HTP and location context of your various sites configuration files.
The first CGI cash passed directive specifies the location of the cash subdirectory levels, the KeIso
name, the key zone size and the impact of time, the location of the cash can be anywhere on your desk.
However, if you want to benefit from the cash being read from memory, then you should choose a location
that is loaded into RAM.
We will use slash for slash run levels simply refers to the subdirectory levels.
The key zone is the unique name to identify the cache memory zone.
Name the source.
When assigning memory for caching, you need to be careful.
You must always use a value that is normally freely available.
You do not want your server crashing due to insufficient memory.
100 megabytes is fine under most circumstances.
Bear in mind, 100 megabits per site.
If a cache isn't accessed for a particular amount of time as specified by the inactive option, Ingenix
will remove it.
We have it set at 60 Minutes.
The first CGI kishke directive instructs the first CGI module on how to generate key names.
It specifies how the cache file names will be hashed Engine X encrypts and accessed file.
Based on this directive, the first CGI cash use, Stael, is what makes Engine X caching so robust.
This tells Engine X to continue to serve cached versions of a page, even if P and therefore WordPress
crashes the force.
CGI Ignore Headers Directive disables processing of certain response header fields from the file CGI
server in the HTTP context of engine X.com.
And if the following directives get added above the sites enabled directive.
The forced CGI cash path directive must be unique for each site.
The first CGI cash bypass directive defines conditions under which the response will not be taken from
the cash.
The false CGI no cash directive defines the conditions under which the response will not be saved to
The false CGI cash directive is used to identify the key zone set in the HTP context, and it must match
the key zones set in the TTP context.
The first CGI cash valid directive allows you to specify the cash duration.
I've set it to the default 60 Minutes.
You can adjust as needed.
The first CGI cash bypass, no cash, cash and cash.
Valid directives are placed in the processing location block of your sites.
Configuration file key zone equals W-W Devar, CGI Cash WWT D they match.
We also need engineers to skip the cash for certain pages that shouldn't be cashed.
These directors will instruct Engine X not to cash certain pages, for example, post requests logged
in users.
We are going to create and include file that will contain our cash exclusion directives.
This is the include file that specifies what shouldn't be cached.
If you have any new URLs that you want to exclude from caching, they can be added to that.
Don't cache your eyes containing the following segments.
I've changed to my servers.
ATC Engine X directory.
You can open engine X dot com in.
If using Nannar you can scroll down and in the H TTP context, we are going to add the first CGI cache
path director.
For CGI cash part var run.
I'm going to call it when web dev and my ki zone will be uppercase w WD 100 megabytes in activity 60
Minutes.
We also need to add the fast CGI Kasky cashews Stael as well as ignore it is directive's underneath
the first CGI cache path.
You can close engine X.com in f saving your changes.
You need to change to the Engine X slots available directly, then you need to open your sites, engine
X configuration file using Nnenna.
I want to point out the travails directive.
It is the standard travois directive that you first added when you set up your first site in the location
block that processes up.
We need to add our first CGI cash bypass, no cash as well as cash, valid directives, fast cash w
w d matches the KeIso name in the H TTP context, you can close NENO saving your changes.
You can go back one level from sites available to ETSI Ingenix and then change to the includes directory.
We're going to create a file for CGI cache exclusions dot com NFC Delanoe followed by the filename.
I have given you the contents of this particular file in the PDF attached.
In this file we are specifying our cache exclusions.
You can close NENO saving your changes back to the sites available directory and you can open your sites
configuration file using nenna underneath the closing.
Gracy of the Draft Files Directive include path to file, CGI cache exclusions, dot com and if you
can close your sites configuration file.
Saving your changes to the configuration test is successful.
Don't reload Ingenix yet.
The X Force CGI cash is used to verify that the cash is active.
You must add the X Files CGI cash directive to the end of your HTP headers include file.
You can change to the global directory, Etsy, Ingenix Global Sudano http headers dot com.
And if you add the X Files CGI Cash Directive to the end of the HTTP headers file, you can close the
file.
Saving your changes to the configuration test is successful.
Reload, Ingenix.
The Kerl commanders used to verify the cash status Colonel IFN uppercase, I followed by https and your
domain name hit Miss and bypass hit the page is being returned from the Engine X Files CGI cache, miss.
The page wasn't cached and was returned by 5pm bypass.
This occurs when it is a page that we have specified to bypass the cache.
Colonel hyphen uppercase, I followed by my You URL.
It's fast CGI cash, miss, let's repeat.
It.
The page is now being served from the fast CGI cash.
We need to install a WordPress engine caching plugin to purge the cache whenever your WordPress site
content changes.
I've changed to my site's public HCM directory.
I'm going to type click.
WP plugin search, engine X, engine X, cash, the sluggish engine X half in cash.
WP plugin instore engine X cash, I've changed to EDC Ingenix Cat, I'd like to view the contents of
Engine Eckstut Seo Net.
Please take note of the path.
I'm going to highlight the path and copy plugins installed plug ins, engine x cash activate settings,
cache zone path.
That is our path specified in the TTP context.
VAR run when web dev purchase cache automatically flush the cache when content changes, save changes
back to terminal.
Kerl hyphen uppercase.
I followed by my sites.
You are all cache.
It hit back to my browser purge the cash cache purged back to terminal.
Koloff and I followed by the URL mess.
We cleared the cache.
It's a mess.
Koloff and I again it to implement fast CJI caching with an additional site.
Firstly, add false CGI cache path to the HTTP context of engine Eckstut SEO NF.
The path and the keys must be unique for the next site.
Step two.
You also need to add the fast CGI cache bypass.
No cash, cash, cash, fellate to the location block of your second sots engine x configuration file.
Thirdly, you need to add the cache exclusions include file to your second Saaz Engine X configuration
file.
You need to install the engine x cache WordPress plugin finally test engine X configuration and if successful,
reload to implement fast CGI caching on an additional site.
This is the first CGI configuration in the context the past var run when web dev ki zone ww d.
This is the first CGI configuration in the HDTV context.
When I've added a second side, notice the path and the keys asone.
They need to be different.
VAR run.
I'll call it my site key zone.
My site for CGI cache key cache you stelle error and ignore headers remain as is the false CGI configuration
in the location context for my second site.
Notice the KeIso my site.
It matches the key zone in the HTP context after testing engine X configuration and then reloading,
use the call command to test that.
The cache is a bit for your second site.
As with object caching, it's important that you test your site thoroughly after enabling page caching,
review all critical processes on your website to ensure that the cached objects are not being reused
incorrectly.
In this lecture, we configured Ingenix forced CGI caching.